Since I want to reduce reptition of code, I made BasicPyramidSolitaie class the parent class and made MultiPyramidSolitaireModel and RelaxedPyramidSolitaireModel extend to that class. After that, I overriden the getDeck() and startGame() for MultiPyramidSolitaireModel. For getDeck(), I made the deck contain the same deck twice and put it into one deck making it have a total of 104 cards. For my startGame() method, I made a helper function to see if the deck is valid. This method ensured that there only 2 of the same card in the deck and nothing more/less. Then I also changed how we deal out the cards into the pyramid so that it it looks there are 3 pyramids conjoined together. For RelaxedPyramidSolitaireModel, I have overriden the 4 argument remove method as well as the isGameOver() method. For the remove method, I changed the rule such that cards that are covered by only one card and both add up to 13, can be removed. As a result, it led to me to change the isGameOver() method. Now the game is not over if there are 2 cards left, one covering the other. So I had to edit that to make sure the game is over accordingly to the "relaxed" rules. I had to make a factory class with a factory method for testing puposes in my main method.The main method called PyramidSolitaire takes in arguments from the args[] and create the game accordingly to the specified model. 
For my toString() method, I made a mistake in the last homework in which I put my toString method in the BasicPyramidSolitaire and called that method in the view. So I transeferred the toString() to the view and made the changes accordingly so that it would work for all types models.   